docs: update tcp guide for v1alpha2 (#808)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/v1alpha2/guides/tcp.md

- All TCP streams on port 8090 of the Gateway are forwarded to port 6000 of
  `my-bar-service` Kubernetes Service.

In this example two `TCP` listeners will be applied to the [Gateway][gateway]
in order to route them to two separate backend `TCPRoutes`, note that the
`protocol` set for the `listeners` on the `Gateway` is `TCP`:

```
{% include 'v1alpha2/basic-tcp.yaml' %}
```

As a note to the above example: while it is possible to use metadata to route
traffic from the `Gateway` to the underlying `TCPRoutes` (see the
`spec.rules[].matches[]extensionRef` field in the [spec][tcproute]) such as is
common for [HTTPRoutes][httproute] the most common use case for making these

> routing decisions with `TCPRoutes` is by port.

Reviewer: Please move the explanation of extension point to the bottom.
We want to explain the core API capability first and make them clearly understood. And then, as an addendum, we mention that extensibility is possible.

Author: changed to a note in the bottom in c7bb1d621e3b879666de53e5f4337515637b8132

- All TCP streams on port 8090 of the Gateway are forwarded to port 6000 of
  `my-bar-service` Kubernetes Service.

> In this example two `TCP` listeners will be applied to the [Gateway][gateway]

Reviewer: The gateway link is undefined.

Author: fixed in c20ba93a26d200a1e0292d6b3800c3f46e264890 :+1:

> in order to route them to two separate backend `TCPRoutes`, note that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order to route them to two separate `TCPRoute` resources. Note how the
```
shorter sentences
removed backend because that is another logical term in the API and has potential for confusion.

`protocol` set for the `listeners` on the `Gateway` is `TCP`:

```
{% include 'v1alpha2/basic-tcp.yaml' %}
```

In the above example we separate the traffic for the two separate backend TCP
[Services][svc] by using the `sectionName` field in the `parentRefs`:

```yaml
spec:
  parentRefs:
  - name: my-tcp-gateway
    sectionName: foo
```

This corresponds directly with the `name` in the `listeners` in the `Gateway`:

```yaml
  listeners:
  - name: foo
    protocol: TCP
    port: 8080
  - name: bar
    protocol: TCP
    port: 8090
```

> In this way each `TCPRoute` "attaches" itself to a different port on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this way each `TCPRoute` "attaches" itself to a port on the
```

`Gateway` so that the service `my-foo-service` is taking traffic for port `8080`

> from outside the cluster and `my-bar-service` takes the port `8090` traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `my-bar-service` takes the port `8090` traffic.
```
more general better? Feel free to reject

Please note the following:

- The `protocol` of listeners on the Gateway is `TCP`.

> - Each `TCPRoute` selects exactly one listener. This is important since the routing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Each `TCPRoute` references exactly one listener. This is important since the routing
```

>   be resolved as per the [conflict resolution](/v1alpha2/concepts/guidelines#conflicts) guidelines.

Reviewer: Can we please explain how a route is tied to a specific listener via the sectionName based matching? That may not be obvious and it deserves special attention here because most users won't do the sectionName based attachment for HTTP.

Author: I've done a bit of a rewrite geared towards getting this explained:

e5635c807f915dd539fff3826e4d623f197a1d7b

lmkwyt
